Modify rule S5131: New rule structure for pregressive education (#931)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5131/resources.adoc

== Resources

=== Documentation

> https://www.thymeleaf.org/doc/tutorials/2.1/usingthymeleaf.html
> https://spring.io/guides/gs/securing-web/
> 
> === Articles & Blog Posts
> 
> https://blog.sonarsource.com/wordpress-stored-xss-vulnerability
> https://blog.sonarsource.com/ghost-admin-takeover
> https://samy.pl/myspace/
> 
> === Conference Presentations
> DEF CON 25 Packet Hacking Village - Brute Logic - XSS For the win

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://www.thymeleaf.org/doc/tutorials/2.1/usingthymeleaf.html[Thymeleaf.org, Tutorial: Using Thymeleaf]
* https://spring.io/guides/gs/securing-web/[Spring.io, Securing a Web Application]

=== Articles & Blog Posts

* https://blog.sonarsource.com/wordpress-stored-xss-vulnerability[SonarSource, WordPress 5.8.2 Stored XSS Vulnerability]
* https://blog.sonarsource.com/ghost-admin-takeover[SonarSource, Ghost CMS 4.3.2 - Cross-Origin Admin Takeover]
* https://samy.pl/myspace/[Samy Kamkar, The MySpace Worm]

=== Conference Presentations
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksq7e6UUDag[DEF CON Safe Mode Red Team Village, Ray Doyle, Weaponized XSS Moving Beyond Alert]
```

1. I suggest we use the format **[Platform], Author, Title** for references, kind of like bibliographical references
2. I removed the previous conference to add a more recent one
